This is my first run in with Pegasus/Phantom from May 26th, 2020.
The Saratoga County Sheriff Office continues to write in every report where I talk about it,
as if it is a delusion. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[5/25/2020]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21:35 ~ Begin recording "Capital Digitronics.m4a" near home.
21:05 ~ End recording "Capital Digitronics.m4a" near 1769 Route 9.
22:05 ~ Take (3) pictures, (2) are the same Nyseg meter, (1) industrial tag
	IMG_0629.HEIC
	IMG_0630.HEIC
	IMG_0631.HEIC
22:13 ~ Take (1) picture of Matchless Stove's missing mailbox
	IMG_0633.HEIC
22:30 ~ Begin recording "Matchless Stove.m4a" between (1769 Route 9/Post Office)
22:46 ~ End recording "Matchless Stove.m4a" near Northside Drive.
22:46 ~ Take (1) picture, window with lights on at 7 Northside Drive.
	IMG_0634.HEIC
23:00 ~ Begin recording "Computer Answers.m4a" near Speedway
23:15 ~ Nearly struck by black Dodge, it looked highly intentional.
23:27 ~ End recording "Computer Answers.m4a" at Computer Answers.
23:27 ~ Made statement in recording that I'd hack the network, but I already had access.
23:29 ~ Take (4) screenshots of network connectivity @ Computer Answers
	IMG_0636.PNG
	IMG_0637.PNG
	IMG_0638.PNG
	IMG_0639.PNG
23:30 ~ Uploaded the above screenshots and (3) audio recordings to my Google Drive account
	Capital Digitronics.m4a
	Matchless Stove.m4a
	Computer Answers.m4a
23:34 ~ Noise heard in woods behind (Boomer-McCloud Plaza/Catricala Funeral Home)
23:35 ~ Take (6) pictures of building behind Catricala Funeral Home
	IMG_0640.HEIC
	IMG_0641.HEIC
	IMG_0642.HEIC
	IMG_0643.HEIC
	IMG_0644.HEIC
	IMG_0645.HEIC
23:43 ~ Take (1) picture of Boomer-McCloud plaza, which was supposed to be a video
	IMG_0646.HEIC
23:43 ~ Begin recording (1) video
	IMG_0647.MOV (Not recovered)
	- observed (1st) 25-30 year old white male, w/ glasses 
	- approached from Halfmoon Sandwich/Sub
	- briefly spoke to this kid while filming the interaction
	- began recording a screen capture of the video
	- opened text panel and suggested that I already uploaded evidence of suspected attack
	- observed this same individual check his smartphone display to see that text written
	- when he looked at HIS screen, he immedately made an expression
	- that expression caused me to believe he was actively hunting me with a program I'd later learn was "Phantom"
23:48 ~ Continue recording
	- I ran back across the street, to Computer Answers
	- observed (2nd) 25-30 year old white male, w/ glasses, backpack, bluetooth speaker
	- approached from Grecian Gardens, attempting to distract me with his music
	- both of them went to the laundromat
23:55 ~ Continue recording
	- (1st guy) leaves in black Dodge, heading south on Route 9 past Walmart
	- (2nd guy) runs out of the laundromat, begins chasing me on foot
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[5/26/2020]
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
00:00 ~ Ended recording IMG_0647.MOV
	- (2nd guy) follows me until I reach 1618 Route 9, Eye Care Center
	- (1st guy) pops out of the woods here, must've parked in Twin Lakes.
00:04 ~ First attempt to contact 911 emergency services near Halfmoon Sandwich and Sub Shop
	- dialed 911, pressed send, timer was rising, no sound emanating from the device
	- fairly certain the program was preventing my 911 call from reaching dispatch
	  ~ Took screenshot of the display AFTER trying to call 911, battery dying
	IMG_0648.PNG
00:09 ~ Second attempt to contact 911 emergency services on surveillance camera @ Center for Security
	- dialed 911, pressed send, timer was rising, no sound emanating from the device
	- the entire 911 call attempt was recorded on their surveillance system, I made certain of it
	- again, the program was preventing my 911 call from reaching dispatch
00:11 ~ Take (3) pictures of these (2) guys in front of Spare Time
	- 25-30 year old white males, glasses, backwards hats, backpacks
	- I recognized they were customers at Computer Answers in 2017
	- Sold (1) white android device, and (1) blue android device
	- Talked about how hot Christina Czaikowski was at a party while selling the phones
	- I quietly agreed because she was pretty hot, and probably still is...
	- They were walking toward the rear of Hoffman Car Wash
00:15 ~ Walked toward Lowes Home Improvement Store parking lot, powered off my device
	- They eventually walked into the same parking lot from the Fortune Wok entrance
	- They clearly had a car parked there in anticipation of my predicted movement
	- Felt like I was going to be killed in this parking lot for about 30 minutes
	- The lights in the parking lot were flashing, making it extra creepy
00:45 ~ Began to leave the parking lot near Route 146
	- Couldn't make out anybody's faces nor what cars they were driving
	- Powered my device back on momentarily
	- They tried to fake me out coming out of Lowe's onto 146
	- They tried to strike me with their vehicle between Autozone and Advance Auto Parts
	- They missed, and I tried to chase the vehicle down at the intersection
	- They turned right, headed north on Route 9 toward 1769 Route 9
00:50 ~ Changed tactics since 911 wasn't working
	- I started running at any vehicle on the road to intimidate them
	- But did so in hopes that someone else could call 911
	- I was concerned about Cemetery Road being DARK and UNLIT, therefore dying easily
	- I remained on Route 9
	- Stated "You idiots didn't know I had a second cell phone...?" near (146/9)
01:15 ~ I reached the area near the Post Office/1769 Route 9
	- I heard a noise in the woods again, near Zachary Karel's house
01:20 ~ I suspected that the (2) guys I saw, were in this house
	- I decided to sever the phone line, in addition to the kayak strap, hoping a 911 call would be made
	- I heard them walking back and forth inside
	- They were switching the air conditioners on and off and peering out the blinds
01:25 ~ I made a correlation between Karel and the Feiden's
	- That's where he works
	- It felt unsafe to walk through the woods at all
	- I was certain that attempting to take Glass Road could be fatal
	- I grabbed the sign for the embroidery shop and placed it on the mailbox pole across the street
	- I figured doing so would've caused someone to review security footage
01:30 ~ Someone made a call for service, ~85 minutes AFTER I first called 911
	- I was in front of the Zappone dealership
	- I was searching for any possible way to contact emergency services
	- My device was completely dead
	- I was in grave danger, and feared for my life
	- I opened up a panel at the base of the billboard, believing it may trip a sensor
	- Finally, a Sheriff shows up
01:35 ~ SCSO finally shows up
	- (1st) is Scott Schelling, (2nd) is Jeffrey Kaplan, (3rd) is Joshua Welch
	- Scott initially seemed trustworthy, and I explained what I could
	- Jeff was a bit of a dickhead, and gave me a hard time
	- Scott asked for my ID, and when I handed it to him, he didn't need to run it
	- He stated "This is the guy that went to Stratton and got shut down at the gate."
	- At that exact moment, Scott and Jeff switched roles, and I sensed something bad about Scott
	- Scott offered me a choice:
	- (1) he arrests me for running into the road, 
	- (2) he just brings me home
	- I told him I tried to call 911 but he was extremely dubious of that
	- I also handed him my smartphone that had pictures and evidence of those calls
	- He told me my phone needed to be charged for him to look at any of that, not dead
	- Scott wanted to arrest me, but also sort of believed me
	- I had a strange feeling about him, and requested that Jeff Kaplan follow Scott
01:55 ~ SCSO at 201D Halfmoon Circle
	- Scott opened the door to let me out, but not before asking questions
	- He asked specific questions about:
	- What I uploaded at the computer shop
	- Where I called 911
	- If I was involved in a disturbance at Key Bank
01:57 ~ He was reluctant to let me out of his vehicle (4148)
	- I feared that he was involved in the attack somehow, and that he would destroy my phone
	- But he did let me out of the vehicle, probably because Jeff Kaplan was watching him
	- Scott never wrote any notes about the encounter
	- He told me "If we find out such and such...? *points at me* I'll be back to arrest your ass..."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCSO never filed charges about the severed phone line, nor did they collect any evidence I had.
I started posting things on social media, truly believing that the guys trying to kill me...
...have done this many, many times before to other people.

As if I wasn't already saying everything under the sun to get attention, nobody actually asked me
any questions about whether I was serious, or if this was some type of stunt. The truth is, it was one 
long continuous stunt that someone decided to capitalize on. I have no idea if the military was 
recording my device or the microphone, however... it seemed obvious that I pissed off a lot of people.
Oh well. I knew someone WAS keeping tabs on me, and not for indifferent or good reasons.

I was worried that I would go missing and never be found. That is the feeling I had that entire week.

As for the bird, the observations I had made at or about that time all spelled out to me, that 
someone had it in for me, tried to get me, failed, and SCSO did an amazing job of assisting that party 
in totally ignoring my alibi that night. 

This interaction with Scott Schelling, as well as the TIME that the phone line was disconnected at 
1769 Route 9, puts me at *that exact location* 4 hours earlier than James Leonard decided to show up,
a day late and a dollar short, with a cool technique where an oral admission is stapled to the arrest 
report with the INCORRECT TIME on it. It was INCORRECT by about (4)+ total hours.

The main reason why I have an incredibly deep suspicion that James Leonard is a corrupt police officer, 
is because he was the person in charge of both of the incidents that were called in on 5/27/2020. 

(3) records at SCSO remain in a constant state of limbo, unbeknownst to anyone who works there...
SCSO-2020-028501...? My alibi, from May 26th, 2020. 
SCSO-2020-003173 and SCSO-2020-003177...? A clear indication that James Leonard knew damn well
what happened to me that night, and was involved in the coverup.

Between Eric Catricala having surveillance footage from May 24th where I spoke to him briefly about
Computer Answers, Dwayne Coonradt, and Bruce Tanski... to the incident at Zachary Karels, he saw it as 
a slam dunk. When contacted and asked to handle this incident for his buddy Eric Catricala...?

James Leonard's mouth just could not stop watering at the notion, of committing malicious abuse of
authority. Malicious abuse of authority is when someone who has a badge, decides to do the same
sort of illegal things that Michael Chiklis and Walton Goggins do in the epic show called "The Shield",
where they literally file charges and tickets to give themselves the authority to violate someone's
rights, so like if that person have an ALIBI... nah. Now they don't have that perfect alibi.
Cause they would occasionally look at a table with the document sitting on a table, and then they say 
"I don't see any documents that give you an alibi..." But, they're being (SARCASTIC/FACETIOUS).

They see the god damn document on the table. They want to pin something criminal on an innocent person.
Hence, James Leonard issuing BOTH SCSO-2020-003173 AND SCSO-2020-003177.

There's a document in your own records department that specifically puts me in that area 4 hours 
earlier... I told Captain Shelly Zeitske this on May 27th, 2021
What did she do...? Oh. Nothing. "James Leonard is a good guy... so..." 
But that just means that I have to tell the cops that they sound ridiculous when they insert their opinions.
But it could, at a bare minimum, simply mean that SCSO has A LOT OF LAZY PEOPLE working there.

James Leonard literally had Scott Carpenter throw that interaction on May 24th, 2020, into the same 
incident which occurred very late on the 25th (!!!! 30 hours apart !!!!), AND, that officer would've 
been able to see (1) of my attackers in that surveillance footage if he saw me walking around the property.

But hey. Let's just pretend that I didn't have a damn good reason for ruffling people's feathers.
Somehow James Leonard and various other police officers, they communicate on unofficial channels, so
I have SEEN DJ Thompson in contact with James Leonard on his iPhone (such as on June 1st, 2020), as 
well as another officer who provided me transport from the jail to the village a year later (5/26/2021). 

The arresting officer over the kayak strap incident paid no attention whatsoever to the phone line.
Should've been the primary focus of the entire call for service, actually - the phone line.
The phone line was replaced without anybody saying a god damn word.
But like I said, SCSO has a lot of lazy people who work there.

Doing something about the phone line would've made perfect sense to someone that wasn't trying to 
ignore my alibi, OR the 90 minutes I was doing my best not to get killed. James Leonard could've 
considered some of those details, but I believe the reason he did not, is written between the lines.

It probably DOES sound ridiculous to anybody else, that my trajectory that night is between those (2)
tickets that James Leonard later handled on 5/27/2020, SCSO-2020-003173 and SCSO-2020-003177. 
Even though THOSE tickets were handled AFTER I started posting things on Twitter and Facebook. 

Basically the entire period of time where I tried to call 911 near Catricala's funeral home... 
...and was chased while my 911 calls were blocked by dangerous software named "PHANTOM" all the way to Zappone...
...weird how my trajectory is clearly visible in the (2) tickets James Leonard handled... 
...pretty sure that the police were playing a game with me called...
...kill Michael C. Cook. But- make it look like an accident. You've got 90 minutes, and Phantom. Get going.

While making a claim that SCSO itself tried to kill me, would sound outrageous. It wasn't the uniformed
officers driving around in official police vehicles, not this time anyway.
The local cops who don't like me, well... they had some friends hunting me down. 
Maybe when the cops just don't LIKE someone in particular, the consistent series of "mistakes" that
continue to coincidentally pile up in such an obvious way... they no longer look like little "mistakes"
at all, because at that point...? 
It begins to appear less like they're being (LAZY/CARELESS), and a HELL OF A LOT MORE like:
(1) they know they tried to kill me that night,
(2) they know they failed at it for the whole window of time they had on hand to do this inconspicuously,
(3) they know these guys had a program that literally makes the task far easier than average citizens think,
(4) they know they had to cover it up, 
(5) they know I won't give up.
(6) they know that those (2) dudes are the Captains kids that live off of Farm to Market Road
(7) because DJ Thompson has a big mouth and said that last thing when I was being processed on (6/1/2020)

Yeah, they seem to think that I'm deluding myself because their badges allow them to pick and choose
when to enforce the law, or when to break it and commit a murder super quick, break it again by covering
that murder up, then when all is clear, go back to enforcing the law again.

That's what I have OBSERVED the Saratoga County Sheriffs Office doing in tandem with the New York State Police.
In EITHER case, IT IS NOT THE ENTIRE ORGANIZATION DOING THIS.
However, it IS a group of individuals who have literally been the right hand men for a local crime syndicate.
Some of them have killed many people in cold blood.
Meanwhile, the guys they work with have absolutely no idea whatsoever just how sick their buddies are.
So if I make (2) videos of (3-4) NYSP vehicles running idle, unattended at the public safety building...
THEY were the ones that got extremely upset about those videos, and decided to kill me later that night.

But hey. If I tell people this is LITERALLY what I believed at the time, and still believe...

Someone in charge directs them to write down somewhere in that document, that I'm focusing on something 
that SOUNDS delusional, because that is literally their only defense at this point. 
However, IT ISN'T DELUSIONAL. This is all part of their "playbook", and that playbook is quite long.
The playbook involves a mental health physician named Richard Todd Loeber at Saratoga Hospital.

His job, is to be a "psychiatrist" that has superman powers, and can accurately diagnose any serious mental 
condition in FAR LESS TIME than any normal human being has ever been able to, at any point in time in recorded 
history. I'm absolutely serious. He has been able to do this, in the least amount of time possible, and
is so god damn thorough and consistent... that he never makes a single mistake. Not once.

This man, he's a beast. No tests, no questions, no paperwork, he just LOOKS at a person, and he knows.
I had no idea how much talent this guy had at being a psychiatrist...
Didn't know he can tell just how sick and twisted somebody truly is, without anyone saying a single word.
He knows what type of disease is behind his patients eyes... just, at first glance.
That's why he drives a blue 2017 Audi S7. He wants people to know when HE pulls into the parking lot...
Cause he means business. Medical fraud business, that is.

In this process, the hospital administrator never puts 2+2 together that he has someone on staff who 
continues to medical fraud on a routine basis, because the records keep being written incorrectly by someone 
who consistently writes them that way. It would be difficult to tell if the patients are actually getting the
care they deserve, because the nurses and staff are extremely rude to people at times. They aren't *always* 
rude, as they have their moments. But, they sure as hell seem to believe that Dr. Loeber is the beast that 
I described up above. That part I am not actually kidding about, they have staff on hand that literally 
believe someone can be diagnosed with a serious mental condition just, in no more than a single look between
the doctor and the patient. That's all they need. They don't need anything else, they can be rude to the 
patients, they can get orders for medications that the patient doesn't actually need, all because someone
wrote statements at the triage desk that the patient NEVER ACTUALLY MADE. If they did another investigation,
how would they know for sure that the staff aren't just writing or doing whatever the hell they want to when
nobody is looking...? The answer is that they don't. They have no fucking clue whatsoever.

The doctor is being directed to "throw" each and every case where he is told to, and then the doctor opens
up a zip file so he can enter in a brand new patients name and send off the paperwork to a different doctor
he's got lined up in his rolodex or contact list, strokes his pud for a few minutes before he prints it all 
out, faxes it over with the wrong dates on the fax, eventually it'll make it's way to somebody like 
Stephen Conners, Attorney At Law.

This process I've just described is actually known as "medical fraud", by the way.
Because it may be being done in tandem of legitimate cases where he actually does his job correctly.
But, if the PATIENT is as intelligent as I happen to be, then the patient MAY be more intelligent than the 
doctor is. So, when someone as intelligent as myself senses when the doctor is performing a process where he 
"shapes questions", and providing "scripted responses"...that's when it begins to sound like:
"SCSO transported me to the hospital unit", "the doctor was bribed"... This is part of the "playbook", isn't it?

Because the doctor and I both knew within 5 minutes of talking, that he's literally unable to do the job.
And, that's ok. Sometimes guys drive around in Blue 2017 Audi S7's with a particular plate number, 
and a particular VIN number too... they wear fedoras and trenchcoats not realizing that a patient would
observe him enter and exit his vehicle, and that this information would become extremely useful since that
vehicle might not belong to him for much longer if he gets his license revoked and goes to jail or prison.

(But, gathering plate numbers and vehicle identification numbers is actually a waste of time, because
if I give that to a police officer, they won't actually DO anything with it. 
Just like Trooper Borden actually.)

In reference to Dr. Loeber not being very skilled at outsmarting a patient like myself... well, an ACTUAL 
doctor eventually came along and provided an evaluation that was far more thorough than his.

That dude is now the director of Four Winds, spoke to me for approximately 3 hours and had me answer a
number of questions in a booklet, and the process took 3 weeks to review what my answers were, and for him 
to compare the notes he wrote during our multiple hour discussion... which is why he directs Four Winds, and
Richard Todd Loeber works at the mental health unit at a hospital, basically he's a mental health afterthought.

As for 5/26/2020, at least I was able to speak with a New York State Trooper I've had prior interactions with.
Trooper Leavey appeared to have no idea whatsoever what happened to me earlier that morning... but given
the entire situation, I didn't know how to tell anybody what the hell happened to me, because frankly I 
didn't believe what I saw with my own eyes. 

Trooper Leavey saw me near LaQuinta Inn, spoke with me briefly, told me to relax and head home... 
...but I was extremely restless and thought these guys were using the COVID lockdown as a cover, 
going around house to house and taking people out. 

It made sense at the time, because if someone were able to spy on me through my device that had no 
service... then they could probably do that to other people too. Basically, I learned through this
whole experience, that I was doing such a fantastic job of pissing somebody off...? They greenlit me.

"Greenlit" means that someone gave someone else a thumbs up, a stack of cash, and an order, to kill me.
If SCSO ever considers "what if I'm not making any of this shit up" at some point, they really could
ask me questions... ya know? Like "Who do you think would be trying to do this to you...?"
But- they're morons. Not only do I TELL them over and over, but- then they insert their uninformed
opinions BEFORE even looking at any evidence that would give them any reason to make the connection.

In other words, asking the right questions, and looking at the correct evidence...?
This could've been solved like, ALMOST (2) years ago. But, SCSO Schelling scared the shit out of me.
I didn't trust the police a whole lot then, and sorta still don't. 
But, asking the right questions and looking at the correct evidence would give them ALL the answers
they need. But, they don't do that. They will listen to me talk, making these "yeah" statements after
every sentence I say, and they immediately extract the most imminent thing from the details I talk about.

So if I'm having another argument with my mother on March 1st, 2022 which has to do with the Russians
attacking Ukraine, committing cyber attacks, ransomware attacks, technological attacks where people's 
money gets stolen over the internet... well, maybe they'll all think that stuff sounds cool, but it never
makes a dent in the opinion they inevitably inject into this conversation...
"I don't think Russians are attacking you". Yeah, well, I do buddy. It's why I never call SCSO.

I wasn't really convinced that someone was just annoyed by me and what I posted, recorded, or took 
pictures of... but the theory I had at the time, was technological attacks were happening IN CONJUNCTION
with stalking, home invasions, robberies, rapes, murders, missing people, et cetera.

The attack on 5/26/2020 did indeed cause me to be pretty paranoid, however- I know 
what I saw, and I know how hard the police have been working to ignore what happened.

The reasons why I continued to do all of these things are because the problems I kept being faced with
continued to occur and acclimate in severity. It started with a ransomware attack at Computer Answers, 
on January 15th, 2019. I wasn't sure if the owner or former employee had something to do with that, 
OR... maybe someone I once worked with at Nfrastructure just had to get involved...

So my problems went from Pavel not paying me my wages nor what we agreed to, to cyberattacks, to DDOS's 
and CVE's, to someone using keyloggers and malware to watch me all the time. Then, my cable modem being 
attacked, and my clients. Calling the NSA and the FBI but never hearing back, to then having someone
using a program on my smartphone AND my equipment to watch whatever I was writing or doing... 

Eventually I saw "Archimedes". Then, I saw the "God Mode Cursor". Then my smartphone notes application 
randomly highlighted some sentence elsewhere in the documents I'd write. Then there were blue screens 
of death that occurred when I was typing into a server with NO INTERNET. 

Then, I saw someone spamming the dislike button on my content.
Then I realized people in the community or my former coworkers could care less that I had this pissing 
match with somebody, maybe they just thought I WAS going insane, and had no idea that I wasn't going
insane at all... I was just asking for help over, and over, and over, and over, and the people that
should want to help me, they just don't care nor would they know where to begin, to help me at all.

Everyone elses' concern seems to be, "Generate revenue"
My concern seems to be, "Determine the identity of this malicious party until I accurately identify that threat"
Because it's like this. People like Doctor Loeber will drown people in medications to get them to focus on
"generating revenue/feeling slightly better about their life".

Meanwhile the "threat/Advanced Persistent Threat" that kept attacking my work is out there somewhere... 
laughing, shoving additional 12 inch dildos in their rectal cavity to no end...
stealing money from innocent people, and making an enterprise off of it.

Drowning someone in medications they don't need isn't a particularly useful strategy when there are no delusions.
The issue is that there is experiential overlap where I'm an expert at what I do, and I can't readily
explain everything to people about my most "recent outburst" arguing with my mother, AGAIN.
Because people have to tune me completely out because if they don't, what I know causes people to shit their pants. 
I'm being serious.

Pegasus/Phantom in the wrong hands is incredibly deadly, and is a threat to national security.
That's what I dealt with, I'm mostly positive about, way back on like, May 26th, 2020.
Back when I met SCSO Scott Schelling, SCSO Jeffrey Kaplan, and SCSO Joshua Welch.

There's no delusion. Nor is there need for the inaccurate DIAGNOSIS where after many years, no one ever said
that I have schizophrenia. I don't hear voices in my head. Weird. 
People with schizophrenia have other voices in their heads, and they argue with themselves every day.
I argue with OTHER people because they aren't picking up on the thing I keep saying.

Regardless, I'm not delusional about cybersecurity, threat hunting, Russians attacking Ukraine, people being
surveilled by mass surveillance programs, the government occasionally abusing those programs, other programs 
that provide more insights such as Pegasus/Phantom being used to MURDER people. 

That was the part that Doctor Loeber didn't quite get... nor did the (3) SCSO officers on March 1st, 2022. 
And that's ok. That's what "lawsuits" are for.

Police sometimes break the law, or insert comments that were never made on an official record. 
That's not delusional at all, that's called a "felony".
Doctors sometimes act like assholes (and/or) misdiagnose someone with a condition they don't have.
That's not delusional either, that's called (being an asshole/committing medical fraud).

See how not-that-delusional-after-all those statements above look...? Cool.
While I might need SOME sort of medication, it sure as hell isn't anything schizophrenia related.
My problems are understood very clearly, I have (ADHD/PTSD/Autism). 
But- the things that ARE needed, aren't necessarily MEDICATIONS... but rather... 
...more guys like Mr. Bastian who will spend 3 hours talking with me, asking me about my life and
trying to get the 100% honest version of me to surface so I can take a test, that when completed, provides
far more credibility than the KMart psychiatrist at Saratoga Hospital.

Cause when guys like him show up, I stop feeling as if I'm shouting at a wall who's ignoring everything I say.
Cause I know someone is paying attention to the words I'm saying.
Honestly, that is above and beyond, the thing I need more than anything else... is for people to take me seriously.

Because when people don't take me seriously, the attacks keep happening, and then I get ideas to do something
that I didn't have planned at all. For instance, maybe I should take pictures of fiber optic cables in Clifton Park,
and tell everyone that the public should have access to those fiber optic cables too. Not just Spectrum...
But- everybody should be able to get FIOS internet directly from Verizon. For whatever reason that is CASH related,
FIOS still isn't available. Which means that the town continues to be coerced by Spectrum/Charter.

If they want me to shut up about all the infractions I found, fine. I even started scoping out whether people can 
tap into my connections at the poles or boxes since my data was being altered in transit. One day I was downloading
a file and then suddenly a security error came up in PowerShell ISE, a security error I'd never seen before.

That was in the beginning of what I believed to be some sort of infection in the UEFI BIOS that Asus made 
for my laptop, vQ504UA.300. The company Asus does a wonderful job of making computers and devices.
Supporting them however, is a completely different story. They are absolutely terrible at that.
In July 2019, I called them to report that my system had an error:
"processor 3 in group 0 is being limited by system firmware"

The cool thing is, the support department had no idea how to fix my laptop... even though the error message explicitly
stated what the problem was. They spent a half hour on the phone with me, and said they would call me back with a solution.
Then, (3) weeks went by, during that (3) weeks, there was a 2nd UEFI BIOS for my laptop with the same exact name, but a 
totally different date. I thought that was strange. I checked it out. The files were named the same thing, but the checksums
were NOT the same... so I called Asus Support back.

I'm not going to get into the details of Asus pissing me off and doing the same exact things that SCSO's been doing, but-
they sure as hell know how to distribute MALWARE via a BIOS. That's right. Malware payload delivered to a computer via the
system firmware, it's persistent, it can survive a wipe/reload an infinite number of times, so reinstalling the operating
system to get rid of it is completely pointless. Yeah, I suspected that the UEFI BIOS firmware exploit that I discovered in
July 2019 would have caused a lot of people to think my magazine article about it was pretty cool and scary. Except, nah.
Everybody just laughed at me, "UEFI BIOS firmware exploit...? LOL That's insanity."

At that point, I'd noticed DOZENS of things occurring in tandem, not being able to trust companies or even people. 
Someone following my footsteps with my smartphone, trying to clip me with their car a little bit... Now they're using much 
less aggressive means to get me to shut the hell up, currently they're downsampling the resolution of my videos and content 
when the content clearly shows something they really don't want other people to see.

Facebook and YouTube appear to be working together at this task. If I upload a video in 1080P, it may take a couple hours
for a 5 minute video to process the HD version of the video. Then after that's uploaded, YouTube will automatically lower
the definition of the video so that anybody watching it has to manually change it to 1080P to see the version I uploaded.
But also, it's probably difficult to SEE that exploit with a mobile device.

Then another video where I made a comment and then immediately after I post the comment, it's removed from existence.
Abucted. Just, showed up for a split second... and then it told me "I'm out bruh". My comments were being immedately
pulled from any post I submitted them to, so I recorded a video of it. Then when I uploaded a 1080P version of that, 
Facebook was trying to be cute and exchange the link to that particular 1080P video to a much lower resolution of like 
360P, so anybody watching the video will think "What the hell is this kid trying to show me...? Idiot."

Yeah. That's LITERALLY WHAT THEY DO.

Here's where I'm at today. Those things all happened to me, because someone expected to be paid for a job
they claimed they were doing, but- they weren't doing a good enough job in my eyes. Maybe it just comes 
down to an OPINION about the QUALITY of the job that was done for most people, not so much whether the 
person getting paid for said job just isn't doing it... but has been getting paid regardless.

Imagine if people had a sense of integrity... and instead of paying the bill when someone takes a dump 
on your shoes, when they should be providing internet service, or insurance, or whatever...? 
Telling those people their job performance was less than satisfactory, and THAT'S why they didn't 
get paid. If everybody did this in unison, I think that the world would benefit from this.

This approach worked well for learning how devious and clever these capitalists can be...
But, if the job wasn't done, people shouldn't pay for it. 
Cause then it's similar to theft.

So, when those people decide to do a lousy job, and they ask to be paid...? Remind them why they weren't paid.
If they argue with that...? Tell them that someone does the job better elsewhere for less money.

If everybody had this mentality, the world could be a much better place.
People would really have no choice except to do the job they expected to get paid to do... right...?

Tell me I'm wrong.
